{"context":"WSJ Interview Question - What about your disappointments? Any disappointments in the first six months?","quote":"Well, I'd have to let you know. I have to see where we are with this. Let's see. Maybe it doesn't work, but I think it's going to. And, you know, it is - it would have been easier to start with taxes, but this is better if it works, OK? If it works, this is better."};{"context":"Interview Question - What about your disappointments? Any disappointments in the first six months?","quote":"Well, I'd have to let you know. I have to see where we are with this. Let's see. Maybe it doesn't work, but I think it's going to. And, you know, it is - it would have been easier to start with taxes, but this is better if it works, OK? If it works, this is better."};

{"context":"WSJ Interview Question - What are the main goals? - Part 1","quote":"I want to achieve growth. We're the highest-taxed nation in the world, essentially, you know, of the size. But we're the highest-taxed nation in the world. We have, nobody knows what the number is. I mean, it used to be, when we talked during the debate, $2.5 trillion, right, when the most elegant person, right? I call him Mr. Elegant. I mean, that was a great debate. We did such a great job. But at that time I was talking $2.5 trillion. I guess it's $5 trillion now. Whatever it is, it's a lot more. So we have anywhere from 4 [trillion] to 5 or even more trillions of dollars sitting offshore."};

{"context":"Interview Question - What are the main goals? - Part 2","quote":"That'll be an easy one. That's one that, you know, it's, when you talk about a country that's broken or a system that's broken, there's something, the $5 trillion, let's call it, that the Democrats and the Republicans agree should come back in. It's been out there for years. Nobody ever did anything about it. I mean, Obama ..."};

{"context":"WSJ Interview Question - What do you think is a reasonable corporate rate? We've heard 20 percent, but, Part 1","quote":"Well, you know, we're going for 15 [percent]. We're going to see, and we'll see. But, you know, I don't want to say anything about negotiation. I mean, we are asking for 15 percent, and we think we're going to grow tremendously. So I deal with foreign countries, and despite what you may read, I have unbelievable relationships with all of the foreign leaders. They like me. I like them. You know, it's amazing."};

{"context":"WSJ Interview Question - What do you think is a reasonable corporate rate? We've heard 20 percent, but, Part 2","quote":"So I'll call, like, major, major countries, and I'll be dealing with the prime minister or the president. And I'll say, how are you doing? Oh, don't know, don't know, not well, Mr. President, not well. I said, well, what's the problem? Oh, GDP 9 percent, not well. And I'm saying to myself, here we are at like 1 percent, dying, and they're at 9 percent and they're unhappy. So, you know, and these are like countries, you know, fairly large, like 300 million people. You know, a lot of people say, they say, well, but the United States is large. And then you call places like Malaysia, Indonesia, and you say, you know, how many people do you have? And it's pretty amazing how many people they have. So China's going to be at 7 [percent] or 8 percent, and they have a billion-five, right? So we should do really well."};

{"context":"WSJ Interview - Where will the new plants be?","quote":"We'll have to see. You can call him. But I said, Tim, unless you start building your plants in this country, I won't consider my administration an economic success, OK? And he's called me and he says, you know, they're going forward, three big, beautiful plants. You'll have to call him. I mean, maybe he won't tell you what he tells me, but I believe he will do that. I really believe it."};

{"context":"WSJ Interview - Does that mean you'll keep your nomination Jannet Yellen?","quote":"I do like low interest rates. I mean, you know, I'm not making that a big secret. I think low interest rates are good. I like a dollar that's not too strong. I mean, I've seen strong dollars. And frankly, other than the fact that it sounds good, lots of bad things happen with a strong dollar."};

{"context":"WSJ Interview - Kevin Warsh has been mention as a nominee","quote":"I haven't, I'd rather not get involved. But I would say she is, certainly. And Gary is somebody that I've gained great, I've known Gary for a long time, but I've gained great respect for Gary working with him. So Gary certainly would be in the mix. I just don't know if he'd like, this is off the record, if he wants to sit down. Interest rates will be moving up one-eighth of a point,"};

{"context":"WSJ Interview - Can you tell us more about trade talks with Britain?","quote":"Yes. No, but I can say that we're going to be very involved with the U.K. I mean, you don't hear the word Britain anymore. It's very interesting. It's like, nope."}